[Music]
But let's go, she'll put parts of the box
that I'm going to tell you Well yes and let's
listen to Ana Ferrer Padilla no
This is so that people see to see with
all my love eh that I get along well with
her And such But so that you see how hard it
is sometimes to have to throw one of the
character when the character doesn't give you
cova okay so that people understand
But why Because we haven't
accustomed you to the media yet she's not
good at it No of course you could have the
mother's nerve but that hasn't
been the case Then I think she
told me yes yes yes no no yes that the daughter
will have will have a thousand qualities but what
is the man now comes influencer
also not oratory and such And I think she has to
practice it she's nice but well
now that people listen very pretty and
very cute and very cute and very cute true
let's listen to her let's see come on there's no
photo you wrap up warm Wear what you
want feel at home
[Music]
Well Ana first of all
Belated congratulations Hey wow  party How do you make a
birthday like that I mean How did all
that come about because it was the average all the
social networks
surprise my mother with her things that
arrived there and she told me she told me
everyone because you love
Vikings I thought to myself what if I
Vikings And you like them you look
very pretty as a Viking I mean okay
all day with the makeup and everything
no or has it been more Yes yes yes she was already in
Cadiz and she came for the birthday
with me of course I have
n't even read that but well Well I do
n't know I think that any
excuse is good to celebrate with your
friends so whenever I can my
birthday or we are always having
parties just to be with our family
and celebrate without anything else Hey how is
your 26 looking now be
careful
well nothing with a job with my family
very well the truth is I feel super
lucky and healthy which I think is the
most important thing so for now
very happy and some new project
with the subject of the networks yes for now I am
going with that
but I like it a lot yes totally
but it compensates me and I like it and it is a
Hobby I mean al  In the end, there is
good work behind that. I
think that every day people are more
aware of everything that is behind it and
everything that it requires, but
obviously there are people who criticize it
but it's okay. I am happy with
my work and with my companies, which
also involve a lot of work, although
sometimes, well, since it is
not shown because it is
more of an office job, you do not record yourself
in your office, not on any given day, nobody
records themselves in the library. No, well, of course.
I remember when I studied,
the library because it does not seem like I do not
study. Well, a little now and I do not know
what details
too. I have other things and nothing very
happy, super good. Oh well, I do not know
what, I have an agency and
yes and with Noni, no, how is it going, not very
well,
super good, we are growing a lot and
taking little steps, we are going to release a
very cool collection for the summer. And well,
very good, very happy. In the end, we
associate it, I do not know why I always associate it with
summer, but of course, I mean, because we
only open the store in the summer, but
we are online all year round too, but it
is true that in the summer it is like, Yes,
we are right in March and it is very cold, but
well, it is already starting in the  summer
that good vacation
before life I don't know And how are you doing now
finally As you see it
's me who's rolled up
now
I'm really happy for her the truth And we'll
see you because we've seen a little
pilot
if I've seen a photo I don't know I don't know
or would you like to try on television
well I could consider it but
right now it's not in my plans
your plans are not but maybe in the
next interview that we have everything
could change I don't know I had thought about it
a lot But well nothing
the photo that
interview
the audio after is that what I was going to
tell you that the photo that was leaked
in the stadium of course well It could be that
she was making a crowd there to
help not that she was a
real collaborator she was there if it had been returned
to help she would have told me she would
have verbalized it in another way but
as soon as she tells me Well I don't know I don't know no I don't know I don't
know It's been a little what I do
have what has become clear to me is that it does
n't come out to the mother no no I want to
tell you that maybe people here say it hasn't
been bad but of course as a journalist
I know what I expect between I expect a
headline but the thing is that there hasn't been one  I
mean, in fact, I had to do the approach
with
Ana Ferrera Clara. Her future in
television or something because she didn't have it, you know what I mean. I'm
not saying it, it doesn't have to
be anything bad, eh, it could be good, like,
you know, it's like it was hard for me. There's
another one, let's see a girl,
the personality that Paz Padilla has is
very personal. Totally, it has nothing.
[Music]